Custom Color!
#ff9999

Contact us! 

From Nest to Wings Committee, Chapter II, P.E.O.
5225 Bella Vista Drive
Longmont, CO 80503
(303) 772-0841
nest2wings@hotmail.com

Font

Comic Sans MS


ON HOMEPAGE

Longmont Nest to Wings
	Nest To Wings is a half-day annual event for sophomore, junior, and senior young women and their mothers.  The event provides educational sessions designed to help the young women to maximize the college application, college choice, and first year college experience while helping their mothers to understand how to provide support and deal with an empty (or emptier) nest.  All of our presenters have experience in their field. 

	We have an annual event scheduled for March 8, 2014 at the LifeBridge Confernece Center in north Longmont. For the event Agenda and topic listing click here!

	We are sponsored by the P.E.O. See about us page.

	We invite you to learn more about our services and activities here on our website. Please do not hesitate to contact us for more information. We are happy to have your attendence at the event. The agenda and more information on the event is located here.
 
Sincerely,
Nest to Wings

ON About us Page

Longmont Nest to Wings
	
	Nest To Wings is a half-day annual event for sophomore, junior, and senior young women and their mothers.  The event provides educational sessions designed to help the young women to maximize the college application, college choice, and first year college experience while helping their mothers to understand how to provide support and deal with an empty (or emptier) nest.  All of our presenters have experience in their field. 

	We have an annual event scheduled for March 8, 2014 at the LifeBridge Confernece Center in north Longmont. For the event Agenda and topic listing click here!

 	We are sponsored by the P.E.O. See about us page.

 	We invite you to learn more about our services and activities here on our website. Please do not hesitate to contact us for more information. We are happy to have your attendence at the event. The agenda and more information on the event is located here.
 
Sincerely,
Nest to Wings





ON SPONSORSHIP

Sponsorship Opportunities
Longmont Nest to Wings is committed to leading a profound transformation in the country. Our commitment is to stand firm in our values to build a better world. If you wish to help contribute to our cause we offer a variety of means to enlist your aid. Click on the links below for more information, and know we appreciate any contribution you wish to make to the cause.


Current Sponsors

Put (Sponsors!.png) Here!



SUB-PAGE DONATION

Donation
Longmont Nest to Wings obtains financial support from national and global funds for the development of our operations and projects. We are also pleased to count among our allies, organizations and individuals who are willing to make donations to further our cause. Donations can be made either publicly or anonymously, and are a vital component that allow us to broaden the scope of coverage for our activities.

Thank you for your donation to Longmont Nest to Wings. With it you are helping to increase the impact of the actions of our organization.

As a government recognized charitable organization your contribution may be considered as tax deductible.





SUB-PAGE VOUNTEER

Volunteering
Thank you for your interest in volunteering with Longmont Nest to Wings. We hope you can find here a fulfilling and dynamic learning experience.

Our volunteer program has a well established structure, which helps each volunteer to develop different skills and very familiar with their own personal and professional development, by supporting actions that he or she performs.

The program welcomes people of all ages, sexes, vocational and educational levels, who wish to be linked to the social impact actions we take, as part of the core activities of the organization.

We seek people with a sense of social responsibility, warm and responsible, who want to make their contribution to the world.

Contact Us to learn what volunteer opportunities are available.


THE EVENT


If you would like to join us, please complete this resevation card and return it and your payment to: Katie Stratton-Schulz, 1766 Montgomery Circle Longmont 80504-3770.

Click Here to Download the reservation card



ON GOLD STAR PAGE




Document!


<iframe src="http://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http%3A%2F%2Ffiles.longmont-nest-to-wings.webnode.com%2F200000036-f3db701adc%2FGOLD%2520STAR.pdf&embedded=true" width="500" height="650" style="border: none;"></iframe>