Custom Color!
#ff9999

Contact us! 

From Nest to Wings Committee, Chapter II, P.E.O.
5225 Bella Vista Drive
Longmont, CO 80503
(303) 772-0841
nest2wings@hotmail.com

Font

Comic Sans MS


ON HOMEPAGE

Longmont Nest to Wings
	Nest To Wings is a half-day annual event for sophomore, junior, and senior young women and their mothers.  The event provides educational sessions designed to help the young women to maximize the college application, college choice, and first year college experience while helping their mothers to understand how to provide support and deal with an empty (or emptier) nest.  All of our presenters have experience in their field. 

	We have an annual event scheduled for March 8, 2014 at the LifeBridge Confernece Center in north Longmont. For the event Agenda and topic listing click here!

	We are sponsored by the P.E.O. See about us page.

	We invite you to learn more about our services and activities here on our website. Please do not hesitate to contact us for more information. We are happy to have your attendence at the event. The agenda and more information on the event is located here.
 
Sincerely,
Nest to Wings

ON About us Page

Longmont Nest to Wings
	
	Nest To Wings is a half-day annual event for sophomore, junior, and senior young women and their mothers.  The event provides educational sessions designed to help the young women to maximize the college application, college choice, and first year college experience while helping their mothers to understand how to provide support and deal with an empty (or emptier) nest.  All of our presenters have experience in their field. 

	We have an annual event scheduled for March 8, 2014 at the LifeBridge Confernece Center in north Longmont. For the event Agenda and topic listing click here!

 	We are sponsored by the P.E.O. See about us page.

 	We invite you to learn more about our services and activities here on our website. Please do not hesitate to contact us for more information. We are happy to have your attendence at the event. The agenda and more information on the event is located here.
 
Sincerely,
Nest to Wings



ON SPONSORSHIP

Sponsorship Opportunities
Longmont Nest to Wings is committed to leading a profound transformation in the country. Our commitment is to stand firm in our values to build a better world. If you wish to help contribute to our cause we offer a variety of means to enlist your aid. Click on the links below for more information, and know we appreciate any contribution you wish to make to the cause.


Current Sponsors

Put (Sponsors!.png) Here!



SUB-PAGE DONATION

Donation
Longmont Nest to Wings obtains financial support from national and global funds for the development of our operations and projects. We are also pleased to count among our allies, organizations and individuals who are willing to make donations to further our cause. Donations can be made either publicly or anonymously, and are a vital component that allow us to broaden the scope of coverage for our activities.

Thank you for your donation to Longmont Nest to Wings. With it you are helping to increase the impact of the actions of our organization.

As a government recognized charitable organization your contribution may be considered as tax deductible.





SUB-PAGE VOUNTEER

Volunteering
Thank you for your interest in volunteering with Longmont Nest to Wings. We hope you can find here a fulfilling and dynamic learning experience.

Our volunteer program has a well established structure, which helps each volunteer to develop different skills and very familiar with their own personal and professional development, by supporting actions that he or she performs.

The program welcomes people of all ages, sexes, vocational and educational levels, who wish to be linked to the social impact actions we take, as part of the core activities of the organization.

We seek people with a sense of social responsibility, warm and responsible, who want to make their contribution to the world.

Contact Us to learn what volunteer opportunities are available.


THE EVENT


If you would like to join us, please complete this resevation card and return it and your payment to: Katie Stratton-Schulz, 1766 Montgomery Circle Longmont 80504-3770.

PUT (Respond card.png) HERE!

Click Here to Download the reservation card

Nest to wings 2014

2014 attendees said:

 

- "[I]definitely left knowing so much and [I am] more confident I can make my own good decisions."

- "Very informative touching all different aspects of the process."

- "...made me feel a lot better about college."

- "[the presenter] was great and did a really good job at explaining what is coming and made it seem real."

 
SUB-PAGE LOCATION

Event Location TBA

(when we find out put google map here)

SUB PAGE AGENDA

PUT (N2WAgenda14.docx) Here!

SUB-PAGE THE INVITATON

Put (Invitation.png) Here!

Put (Invitation2.png) Here!

If you would like to join us, please complete this resevatin card.

Put (Respondcard.png) Here!

Click here to download the reservation card

Please R.S.V.P. To:

Kate Straatton-Schulz

1766 Montgomery Circle

Longmont, CO 80503-3770

RESOURCES

Checklists:

(Link to files!)

 Sophomore Timelines and Checklists for College
 Link=()
Junior Timelines and Checklists for College
File=(Junior Timelines and Checklists for College.pdf)

Senior Timelines and Checklists for College
File(Senior Timelines and Checklists for College.pdf)

Twitter Accounts ( in no particular order):

@usnewseducation  (a U.S. News and World Report account)

@HuffPostCollege

@educationweek

@NPCwomen  (National Panhellenic Conference, sororities)

@famouswomen  (Quotations from famous women)

@USATodayCollege

@Greatestquotes

@collegefinance101

@winscholarships

@mycollegecalendar

Also follow the admissions, academic college, school president, school newspaper etc. from the schools on your wish list or that you will be attending.   This will help you understand what is important to that college/university.  It will also help you understand how the school works.

 

Books and articles:

"College Saving Options: Roth IRA Vx. 529." Www.savingforcollege.com. N.p., 16 July 2009. Web.

"Difference between Trade School and College." Information on. N.p., n.d. Web. 09 Jan. 2013.

Goldburd, Phyllis, Ph.D. "Parenting A College Student: How to Let Go." Www.scottcounseling.com. N.p., 19 Oct. 2010. Web.

"How to Create a Functional Study Space in a Dorm Room." SayCampusLife. N.p., 13 Dec. 2012. Web. 9 Jan. 2013.

Kastner, Laura Scribner., and Jennifer Fugett. Wyatt. The Launching Years: Strategies for Parenting from Senior Year to College Life. New York: Three Rivers, 2002. Print.

Mamlet, Robin, and Christine VanDeVelde. College Admission: From Application to Acceptance, Step by Step.

New York: Three Rivers, 2011. Print.

Price, Shayla R. The Scholarship Search: A Guide to Winning Free Money for College and More. Lincoln, NE: IUniverse, 2006. Print.

Sachs, Brad. Emptying the Nest: Launching Your Young Adult toward Success and Self-reliance. New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2010. Print.

Blogs to follow:

The Choice (http://thechoice.blogs.newyorktimes)

Websites:

Colorado Specific:

 www.CollegeInColorado.org - Select the College Planning or Career Planning tabs on the website. Free website

www.coloradocouncil .org  - "The Colorado Council on High School/College Relations is an organization of colleges, universities and high schools in Colorado.  Its purpose is to foster cooperation and help students plan their education."

cof.college-assist.org - College Opportunity Fund for Colorado colleges

www.collegeincolorado.org - click on ‘Financial Aid planning’ tab

 

Degree/College/University selection: 

www.collegedegree.com www.cottey.edu - An independent liberal arts and science all-women's college sponsored by P.E.O.  "C" for Yourself Weekend is scheduled for April 19-21, 2013.

www.collegedegree.com - College degree matching website.

www.collegeboard.org - Parent Section has information on scholarships

www.collegeconfidential.com - Has a discussion area that offers feedback on many colleges from people who have applied or are in the process – real people. Best source for college information.

www.ctcl.org - Colleges That Change Lives – dedicated to the advancement and support of a student-centered college search process.

 

Scholarships/Funding:

www.nhs.stvrain.k12.co.us/counseling/Scholarships/Localscholarships

www.college scholarships.org - Scholarship search website.

www.nationalmerit.org- National Merit Scholarship Corporation

www.boettcherfoundation.org - Boettcher scholarship information

www.ptpi.org  - Congressional Award Scholarship – select Student Programs then Financial Aid then scholarship

www.valleybankandtrust.com - Select Kids Page icon

www.peointernational.org - P.E.O. Star Scholarship in P.E.O. Projects/Philanthropies

www.onlinecollegenetwork.com -     Click on “scholarships” for a page that shows many links to sites that offer scholarships

www.FastWeb.com - lists scholarships, grants, and loans

www.scholarships.com - search engine for scholarships & financial aid resources

www.collegescholarships.com - new scholarships posted on a monthly basis (this is different from the collegescholarships.org website!)

www.fastaid.com -    search engine for scholarships & financial aid resources

www.collegeanswer.com -     information on scholarships, loans & grants

www.finaid.com - information on loans, college planning & more

www.estudentloan.com - full service financial aid site

www.salliemae.com - includes financial estimators & scholarship search program

www.fafsa.ed.gov - Free Application for Federal Student Aid

 

College Sports:

www.ncaa.org -Sports scholarship information

www.eligibilitycenter.org - To register with NCAA Eligibility Center – select High School Administrators then login as student

 

Books for Sale/Rent:

www.chegg.com

www.alibris.com

www.amazon.com

www.bookrenter.com

Also available is your local campus bookstores!


ON GOLD STAR PAGE




Document!

<iframe src="http://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http%3A%2F%2Ffiles.longmont-nest-to-wings.webnode.com%2F200000036-f3db701adc%2FGOLD%2520STAR.pdf&embedded=true" width="750" height="100" style="border: none;"></iframe>